the Israeli military has carried out a
series of air strikes and raids across
Gaza as a number of Civilian casualties
from its War continues to grow at least
nine Palestinians were killed after
Israel targeted a residential building
in Gaza City among the dead were three
women and three children three other
women and a child were also killed in
assaults targeting homes West of the
city and at least five Palestinians were
killed in al-shatti Camp in the alzahra
area on the outskirts of Gaza City their
bodies were taken to al- AXA Hospital in
central Gaza already overwhelmed with
dead and
injured Israel's overnight air assaults
also targeted a family at the B refugee
camp at least one Palestinian was killed
and 10 others
injured let's head to Central Gaz now
and speak to alzer's hany mmud in De ala
Hy what more can you tell us about these
latest
strikes yes well as of early hour of
this morning the Israeli military with
its ongoing attacks almost Relentless
air strikes and coupled with heavy
artillery Shilling across the Gaza trip
that are concentrated right now on the
central area as of late hours of last
night the attack on a residential home
on Al B refugee camp the Al B refugee
camp is at the eastern part of the
central area and this particular refugee
camp is the uh home of of a densely
populated and a large number of children
and grandchildren of already Palestinian
were displaced and made refugees in
1948 but we're looking at at least three
people were killed one child and two
other grown-ups in uh who were killed in
the attacks and several other injuries
who were reported at laka hospital here
it's important also to point out that
the area has been under uh heavy
artillery Shilling and air attacks for
the past few weeks and civil defense
members and paramedics find it very
difficult to remove bodies that have
been already pronounced uh dead inside
these areas just giving the intensity of
the artillery Shilling in the area only
quarter number of the bodies made it to
the hospital remaining bodies are still
that are after couple weeks they are
largely deceased under pile of rebels in
the eastern part of the central uh area
to Gaza City the isra military continues
to pound across the city with Relentless
air attacks including the Eastern
neighborhoods of Gaza City that includes
a d neighborhood where reports of more
residential buildings remaining public
facilities being targeted and destroyed
and to the western part of the city
mainly a shoted refugee camp and this
place is a notorious site right now for
many of the Relentless attacks carried
out by the Israeli military we talk
about more than 60% of this refugee camp
has completely destroyed and turn turned
into pile of rebels but at close to
three people also were killed and
multiple injuries were reported to Ali
Baptist hospital that's at the center of
Gaza City Al Ali Baptist Hospital is
quite insufficient right now in terms of
any of the medical uh services that it
provides and and and give to to to
patients in rafah City the Israeli
military continues to push deeper into a
shabura refugee camp where it is stated
in uh in one of the statements made that
this says shabura is the uh the uh hard
uh the heart of Palestinian fighting
groups and it's pushing more deeper on
the ground in order to eliminate them
but we uh we have confirmed reports of
more of the residential buildings are
being systematically demolished by the
Israeli military to the point where the
vast majority of this area been
completely cleared of any of the
buildings the infrastructure and public
facilities not only bombs that continue
to kill people here there are other
factors that continue to create more
tragedies on the ground including the
spread of famine in the northern Gaza
and here in in in in in the southern
part in the central area of the strip
the constant displacement the fear of
unpredictable bombs also making life
quite difficult for people in Al Forest
there honey thank you